Filer

ftc-nas-flr01.avmed.com
Volume

AppVol
Folder
Name
The name of the CIFS share. The following characters are not valid for share names: < > : " / \ | ? *
Note: In Active Directory mode, %U may be used anywhere in the share name to substitute the user name. For example, "%U_home" will create shares of the form "username_home".

Comment
Visible Share

If checked, this share will appear when browsing.

Read Only

If checked, users can not change the contents of the share.

Advanced Settings
Allowed Hosts
Hosts allowed to access the share. Enter IP addresses or IP address/netmask values separated by spaces. Blank allows all hosts

Block files
Specify file or directory name patterns that the share will make both invisible and inaccessible. Enter one pattern per line. The wildcard characters '*' and '?' may be used to specify multiple files or directories. The '/' character is not valid. Note: This feature can break compatibility with some clients

Authentication

Authenticate only specified Groups and Users
If authentication for only specified Users and Groups is selected, no user will have access to the share until a user, or a group the user is a member of, is added below.

Groups
NAME	ACCESS	
No groups selected...
Users
NAME	ACCESS	
No users selected...
Hide Unreadable Files

Files and folders that the user cannot access do not appear in folder listings

Enable Previous Versions

Allow users to view and restore files using the Previous Versions tab in Windows

Case-Sensitive Paths

Files and folders are considered different if the case of letters in the name differs. (Enabling case sensitivity aids performance)

Enable Snapshot Directories

Clients are allowed to access hidden snapshot directories within the share. Volumes must have Snapshot Directories enabled

User Folders Support

Disabled
When enabled, the target folder path for the share is automatically appended with a folder named for the user. Note: If this option is used on a case-sensitive volume, it is recommended to disable case-sensitive paths.

Sync and Mobile Access

Enable sync and/or mobile device support

Web Access

Enable web access

Web Access Settings
Enable Shared Links

Allow creating shared links to Web Access.

External Hostname
Optionally specify an external hostname for shared links.

Maximum Expiration
Maximum number of days until shared links expire. Set to 0 for unlimited.

Require Password

Require passwords for all shared links.

Allow Writable Shared Links to Directories

Allow the user to create writable shared links to directories.

Shared Link Permissions

Allow all Users
Allow the specified Users and Groups to create shared links. If permissions for only specified Users and Groups is selected, no user will have access to the shared links until a user, or a group the user is a member of, is added below.

Enable Asynchronous I/O

Enable concurrent read/write access per client connection.

Enhanced Support for Mac OS X

Enhances share behavior, including SMB2 protocol support, for Mac OS X Clients when possible.

SMB Encryption

Optional
Control if clients are desired or required to use SMB encryption when connecting to the share. Includes SMB3 encryption for Windows clients.